README.md, before:

## Glyph_Cache

This is a module that helps you get text on screen quickly. Paired with [Harfbuzz](https://github.com/filippocrocchini/Harfbuzz) it lets you render any glyph in any font, any size, in any style including emojis*. You no longer need to preload some codepoints to generate a bitmap which you then use to render the text. The bitmap is generated for you, dynamically, based on the glyphs that you need.

### Dependencies

- [Rect_Pack](https://github.com/filippocrocchini/Rect_Pack) 

### Usage

```jai
    Glyph_Cache.init_font_cache(width = 512, height = 512);
    defer Glyph_Cache.deinit_font_cache();
```

init_font_cache() needs to be called once, before you start requesting glyphs. deinit_font_cache() frees the buffer for the cache bitmap and other internal resources. 

Once it's initialized you can add fonts in the following ways, based on if you want to load it from a file or from memory.
```jai
    success_loading_from_file : bool = Glyph_Cache.add_font_from_file("Karla-Regular.ttf");

    buffer : []u8;
    success_loading_from_memory : bool = Glyph_Cache.add_font_from_memory(buffer);
```

Once this is done you can query which face, among the currently loaded ones, is the best fit for the style you want.

```jai
    font_face := Glyph_Cache.find_best_face_for_style(.{ 
        family = "Karla Regular", 
        style  = .NORMAL, 
        weight = .NORMAL,
        });
```

You can then bind a face and request glyphs either by codepoint or by index.

```jai
    Glyph_Cache.bind_face(font_face, pixels_per_em);

    glyph, found := Glyph_Cache.get_glyph_for_codepoint(codepoint);

    glyph_index  := 1;
    glyph, found := Glyph_Cache.get_glyph(glyph_index);
```

It is **crucial** that you update the texture before you render your glyphs, you will have to draw text in two passes (see the examples). Simp does the same thing, you prepare the text, then you render the prepared glyphs.

```jai
    dirty, bitmap := Glyph_Cache.peek_cache_bitmap(evict_after = 8);
    if dirty
    {
        // ... upload bitmap to GPU
    }
```
Here "evict_after=8" means that all glyphs that haven't been used in the last **7** frames will be evicted from the cache.

Commit message:

Clarified Cached_Glyph, fixed bug in examples

README.md, after:

## Glyph_Cache

This is a module that helps you get text on screen quickly. Paired with [Harfbuzz](https://github.com/filippocrocchini/Harfbuzz) it lets you render any glyph in any font, any size, in any style including emojis*. You no longer need to preload some codepoints to generate a bitmap which you then use to render the text. The bitmap is generated for you, dynamically, based on the glyphs that you need.

### Dependencies

- [Rect_Pack](https://github.com/filippocrocchini/Rect_Pack) 

### Usage

```jai
    Glyph_Cache.init_font_cache(width = 512, height = 512);
    defer Glyph_Cache.deinit_font_cache();
```

init_font_cache() needs to be called once, before you start requesting glyphs. deinit_font_cache() frees the buffer for the cache bitmap and other internal resources. 

Once it's initialized you can add fonts in the following ways, based on if you want to load it from a file or from memory.
```jai
    success_loading_from_file : bool = Glyph_Cache.add_font_from_file("Karla-Regular.ttf");

    buffer : []u8;
    success_loading_from_memory : bool = Glyph_Cache.add_font_from_memory(buffer);
```

Once this is done you can query which face, among the currently loaded ones, is the best fit for the style you want.

```jai
    font_face := Glyph_Cache.find_best_face_for_style(.{ 
        family = "Karla Regular", 
        style  = .NORMAL, 
        weight = .NORMAL,
        });
```

You can then bind a face and request glyphs either by codepoint or by index.

```jai
    Glyph_Cache.bind_face(font_face, pixels_per_em);

    glyph, found := Glyph_Cache.get_glyph_for_codepoint(codepoint);

    glyph_index  := 1;
    glyph, found := Glyph_Cache.get_glyph(glyph_index);
```

These are the useful members of the Cached_Glyph struct:

```jai
    x, y: int; // pixels
    w, h: int; // pixels
    bearing_x, bearing_y : int; // pixels (right handed)
    advance_x, advance_y : int; // pixels (right handed)
```
Note that all members of this struct have already been scaled so that you only need to  

It is **crucial** that you update the texture before you render your glyphs, you will have to draw text in two passes (see the examples). Simp does the same thing, you prepare the text, then you render the prepared glyphs.

```jai
    dirty, bitmap := Glyph_Cache.peek_cache_bitmap(evict_after = 8);
    if dirty
    {
        // ... upload bitmap to GPU
    }
```
Here "evict_after=8" means that all glyphs that haven't been used in the last **7** frames will be evicted from the cache.
